


The data structure to be used for this assignment is a Binary Search Tree.
This is a tree of nodes which each have one data value and two potential children
pointers. The the first child, which we describe visually as left, is to be used
only for values less than the node's data. This creates a sorted tree, which is 
very effective at finding values, because instead of a full traversal, we always
know our search is cutting the possible search items in half per level. This
results in a log(n) search efficiency. This is less efficient than a hash table
for searching, but with the added ability to display all sorted without migrating
data into a new structure.

The efficiency of a binary search tree is not to be taken for granted. There is a 
problem with binary search trees, which is that they will be unbalanced if there is
a pettern to the data being inserted. If a sorted list is made into a binary search
tree, then the binary search tree will end up looking like a linear linked list.

I will make a Term class, which will contain dynamically allocated arrays for the
word and the description and category. This class will have member functions to
make actions to clone a reference, setting the dynamic array member values, and
to display the term information, and to comare if one term is less than another term.

The clone function will take a reference to another Term object, and use the setter methods
to copy each member value from the reference to itself. 

The setter functions will take in a charaacter array as a constant, and use strcpy to
copy over the values. The setters will also delete any preexisting array and reallocate
for the appropriate length using strlen to determine the required length. 

I will implement a member function to compare if one Term is less that another Term.
This ill be done using strcmp on the term's word compared against another term. This will
be used by the binary search tree for deciding whether to go lefet or right.

The Binary Search Tree will be a class, BST. This will use nodes with three members,
the term object, the left node pointer, and the right node pointer. The BST will have
member functions to do the following:

Insert a copy of a referenced term object, sorted by name. Return 1 for success else 0.
This will be implemented by recursivly traversing left if the insert value is les than 
current root, or right if equal or greater. If we arrive at a null pointer, then insert here.
The pointers must be passed by reference so that we can change the value from null to new.

Remove all with matching name. Return number of objects removed. This will be implemented
recursively. This will use the same strategy as insert, but when if we find our match along
the way we will return true. If we reach a dead end null pointer we return false.

Retrieve all with matching name. Return number of objects found,
whice are copied into "found" arrays.

Return the int height - Get the height of the longest branch of the tree. There
is no way to know he height of the tree without checking each branch. One way around
this would be to set the depth of the new leaf upon each insert, this would go into
a member value of the BST. This would be a good approach in my opinion, but this exercise
is more about recursive algoriths, so instead I will do that. This will be accomplished
by recursively travering the tree and returning the max depth of the two subproblems, plus
one. 

Determine if the tree is efficient, analytically using math. 

Display all nodes of the tree. This will be done by recursively traversing until
we reach a null pointer, calling the display method on each nodes data Term object.

Display all with names starting with characters within a given range.
Returns an integer with the number of matches.

